Greetings and welcome back to another exciting installment of the 5th column podcast. This is your weekly rhetorical assault on the news cycle of people that make it and occasionally ourselves. I'm Camille Foster, I do various things that free thinking today. I'm doing things in the, in the comedy cellar. This is not what it says, it right there. That's part of the constellation of underground, but it's also part of the comedy. It's on the wall behind me, you know? Yeah. You know, you can move on. I'm sitting next to matt. Well, she was trying to explain things to me. The reason magazine Michael Moynihan did a great job to buy device loses. Also, here's some wisdom in that whiteness was wrong, that he was wrong. Um well, it is Wonderful to be with you three gentlemen back in new york city, wonderful to be joined by this stellar, stellar crowd. I can't, I can't mostly can't see because of the lights, but I imagine most of you are unattractive. Yes. Some of you a little better than others. We can talk about that later and we have a tight place in between. It doesn't really matter. And it's you, that's true. You pay money to come see us anticipate some of you even bought one of these snazzy hats, which being sold at $40, which I think is actually a very fair price. I don't know, I do. It took six years to do. We do this thing where we look at what Andrew schulz sells things for and then I think that we have the same amount of people in like the same breach. You know, his, his 45 And it's like, yeah, but we do a podcast. It's a little different than what Schultz does, but well thank you for buying them and thank you for coming. Who, who came? We did this last time we were here and it always elicits um, interesting answers sometimes lies, who suspects they came the furthest tonight. This man right there who looks like Kenny Rogers, who's dead by the way, Can we beat Austin got long beach in the house. Say it again, paris France, wow june comes to burn it down. Thanks. Yeah. Alright, we're glad you're here. Thank you. Thank you for coming. He's weird. Keep him away from his friends. Matt married a french french wife. Here she is. Yeah, she should be, should be a lot of friends here. Um, thank you again, all of you for coming out to support us. Um, I don't, I don't know if we've got much work to do before we do. I just want to know who's excited about getting Covid because it's very likely to be what I like to hear that apparently Covid is peaking again in new york city. Yeah. Yeah. There's some of you here. In fact you can distinguish yourself by clapping when I mentioned with this like in March 9th 2020, I think it was, we had a happy hour in New York who was here for that. Yeah, that was the week that the world caught Covid, especially in new york city. There was a uh birds aren't real, sir. Um uh uh So we were we presume that we all gave each other. Covid also tested positive at the time. So it's just kind of puts a nice little things that night or the next day. Yeah. We all got Covid like literally, no, it's actually in the next day. I got Covid from ross golf, it didn't I? Because we also taped with him that day. Remember that was a very christian? We taped with ross douche bag. And then we go to a whole foreign thing with nick Gillespie. I was standing next to Nick caught Covid that day. If I'm not mistaken. You gave Nick Gillespie Covid? He gave it to me. Uh But I didn't, I didn't. And then we went to the happy hour afterwards with all you degenerates and people just licking each other's faces. It was disgusting. Really, super disgusting. So I think we're just putting a nice exclamation point on Covid here tonight. The 3rd 5th wave. Well I've definitely had Covid at least twice as have most of the people in my household. I don't know if you can catch it a third time but if you can we will definitely do it tonight, definitely. Um Good. Great. Well we have actual again there's not really much of a plan but we do have some exciting things happening. We have a couple of guests who might be joining US. one. We have one very reliable. He's here and we're very excited. And the other one I did talk to outside and he was like, wait, am I coming to this? And I was like, I don't know do you want to? I would recommend against it. So I've actually actively telling guests not to come. But there'll be a second one, you know, maybe coming in later in the, later in the show. Yeah. Um, well, I don't know what your expectations are for the evening, what topics you expect us to discuss? There's certainly like news cycle stuff that we could do. We also have some, some kind of prepared material, but not really. Um, but if there are, if you do feel moved by the spirit during the course of this, of this program, I do ask that you mean you can shout something out but it better be interesting or funny and if it's not, we're gonna throw you out of here. Ufo hearings definitely. We should certainly talk about that weirdly. That was the first one. Weirdly the Ufo people are yelling out. I didn't expect that. Why did you do that? We'll get into it because we want to get to the important matters. We can talk about Taylor Lorenz who I believe is the most important news story in America today, Taylor also in the room tonight. You know, she's monitoring the room for hate speech. She's gonna find out right now. She's under here with a tape recorder broadcasting at the clubhouse. Um, yeah, it's funny because she wrote an article today. There was some sort of victory lap about getting the jazz hands lady fired or no, it wasn't that, it was mad that, that, that people in the right apparently got her fired. But the reason that I can't really discuss it is that I don't subscribe to the Washington post and I will not. And um, it's like my only principled stand, I don't know principles whatsoever, but I was like these people and uh, but I can't get the article, so I can't, I couldn't actually talk about it tonight. I was kind of hoping that Monahan could do a dramatic reading because I don't, you know, I don't know, I can't do in her voice or anything. I imagine it's quite squeaky and true. But I looked, but so what I could do, the best thing I saw today is actually true. I looked up her Wikipedia because I met her a few times. I don't know much about her. Um, so I looked at the Wikipedia and the first thing says your birthday and it says, and and people who have a friend, you can maybe check this is right from this from memory. It said from like 1984- 86. And then the next one that said maybe 1978. Like maybe it's like a big difference and like she could go in and correct that but she's like the youth Columnist for the Washington Post was like in her 50s, I don't expect her to get it right. So so that that happened and I don't know what she said. But I mean I have things here if you want to, if you want to take a look the first just like the first time when I put my glasses. Yeah. Um yeah I just want to read you the headline. That's because that I did see how do I not go? I can't start not being able to function technology, how the biden administration let right wing attacks derail its disinformation efforts. Sub had a quote pause of the Department of Homeland Security's newly created board comes after its head. Nita Janowicz was the victim. This is literally like every second word out of taylor Lorenz is Matthew's word victim was the victim of coordinated online attacks as the administration struggled to respond. So that that was the piece that we were talking about this morning on the text thing. There was but I didn't read it. There was some of the same people who gave each other covid in March of 2020 in New York were obviously a pre gaming at a kosher restaurant around the corner. Do I have that correct? Is that true? It is true that the official podcast of the I. D. F. And so on. I mean when I say a lot of jews, that's a very, I'm a very philo Semitic guy. So it's not, not a criticism. And uh we're just doing a little bit, a bit of a twitter back and forth and uh and somebody, I don't know if it was someone who is going to be here. I was here. Okay. Uh said they're gonna show up Janko wits, which I thought that's that's great. Let's make that into don't because she's been forgotten about by tomorrow. So yeah, probably appropriate. But we have a guest though. Yeah, we do have a guest this evening. Mr Michael Rapaport was hanging out in the great Michael Rapaport, remarkable talent to join us in front of you will Michael come on up. It makes you sick, sick security. Right? You can sit over here. That's good. I suppose I listened to Michael's podcast on the drive here today. And man, it was hilarious. So if you haven't listened to it. Um Oh no, I was trying to like, you know, like a scumbag jerk off of the week or something Sick funk of the week, six of the week. We have something called, some idiot wrote this and I like sick funk of the week, much better. Sick funk of the week. Who was the sick funk of this week? Do we haven't yet or is at the end of the week, the sick funk of the week was actually a sick funk of the week alumni, this is a doctor who was the doctor dr klein, the fertility doctor who was nominated. The sick funk of the week a few years ago made it to the big time and got his very own netflix documentary and I felt like a proud papa, like I spotted you, I knew you had talent. This is this is our father. Yes, but I was very proud of that because we were on that guy from day one and then to see him, you know, go and do great things to get a documentary on netflix really just made me, you know, tickled my heart. I don't know if I'll ever be able to achieve that again with the sick fox of the week in the, in the we were talking about our large Hasidic contention over here, I think we're talking about, but there was a jewish point of this, in which when you introduce that, you made sure that your dear listeners knew the spelling of the name klein, that he was not in fact jewish. Yes, you did not want to take credit for your daddy, wanted associated with my people, but some real irish it by the way, and I don't know how, but because he was very, he's very um, his, his whole, his whole philosophy was very catholic and psalms and psalm 1 19 and you know, furthering his seed and and I said, I'm saying like, is that how you do it? Well, that's what he, that's what dr klein with a C uh was doing. Yeah, he wasn't the K L. E. You know, he's a good doctor. Yeah, Indianapolis and you know, white hair and blue eyes, we don't make jews like that. So I don't know if they're choosing Indianapolis either, but I don't know if I want to steal man at steel Man might not be quite the right word, but we should talk about like what he did and the degree to which he perhaps delivered some value I imagine. But most of the moms involved in those transactions still love their kids a lot. And a lot of those kids are probably pretty successful. It's the fathers that have the problem. I can see the moms and moms, it's your father's that were like, no wonder I never connected with this little sucker, They're the ones figuring it all. But nonetheless, there's 90 three people in the majority of our women in Indianapolis that are suffering from serious daddy issues right now in Indianapolis. Um but yeah, he's got 93 he's got allegedly, no right now, he has 93 as of the very, very um compelling netflix documentary. Our Father 93 Kids sheets that yeah, I would not like my kids. It's very jamaican. Yeah, well he's got, well, he's not really in their lives. He was very, they know they know who he is too. So well, I mean, look, we were talking a little bit about this film, where where do we say this was Cincinnati or something? I was going for a transition there, but I didn't know it doesn't matter. But I want to talk about new york for a little bit. Um and Michael, you are a very, Very hard working actor, um podcaster, television host even sitting in for one Wendy Williams. I mean, you've been working, working like all throughout the pandemic. Were you on sets during Covid? I was well, I mean, initially, You know, 2020, whenever that March 13 for me, the Covid really started when that um that basketball game, I believe it was Golden State versus Oklahoma City. I think that's who it was. It was Utah mark time. Yeah, that's to me was when it became really official. But no, I mean for a while things were, there wasn't, there was no set. I started working again about a year after the first year. And it was, you know, hard uh restrictions and you know, testing and masks and all this sort of thing. So it's about a year, a year into it. That that I started working for other people, you know, we're definitely earlier than I did and you were in the city the entire time. I was in Los Angeles in the beginning of it. I was in Los Angeles uh when it started through, through, through a lot of it to be honest. Yeah, so I, I abandoned the city in March, I came back just to get my house ready to sell so that I could literally abandon the city completely and I moved my family elsewhere. But, but you three guys are still kind disorder here, Moynihan. You know, I'm here most of them. Yeah, I mean I got here today. I mean how do you gentlemen feel now? I mean given where things, I'm just terrified because I watched Michael Rapaport videos of like super criminals breaking into CVS stores and shit. Just like the upper east side, Upper east side where you know the upper the upper beast side? That's what we call it now. Do you just like have video cameras out of every window where you live, like looking for criminals? What are you doing? Shot like a video of somebody in like a Walgreens or something. Uh, Rite Aid. It was a Rite Aid, not now defunct. That that Rite Aid is defunct. Wait, so it's like, when was this video shot? Just to give a sense of the timeline. So the video was gotta be gotta probably like maybe um september or october september october maybe november Late October of 2020, 20, 21. Um, and uh, somebody was in there just, you know casually just taking everything. And I had you started, I started to hear about that and and and see videos of it. But I, when I walked into the right age and like I made eye contact with the guy and I was like, was he like holy buckets Michael Rapaport as he's putting magnum condoms into a bag. And that man was he was he was he not wholly fucked Michael Rapaport, He was not like, you know, normally when you catch somebody doing something like a kid with their hands in the cookie jar, he wasn't, there was no shame. There was no hesitation, was like, it was like, what's up? You know, how you doing? I'm doing my thing, you know, maybe you're here to get your prescription, I'm doing this. And then I doubled back because I was like, yo this is because he was just stacking his bag and I was like, maybe he's maybe I'm reading this wrong, maybe he's you know, maybe he works there. And I went back and we made eye contact again and he was just packing his bag, packing his bag. And I just started videotape because I was so the casualness, the fair if I made for the for the person who came in from, from France because otherwise he was like, what is he talking about? I needed some sort of translation. Yeah, but that's what I did, and you know, and you know, for me like social media, that video or or rancid I've done, you never know, I never know, I just push it up, you know, But for some reason that just and it just went on and on and on and on and on and people were and I and it was, I had gotten so many calls from every news channel, every news outlet, you know, Fox Sean Hannity, this one Alex jones, all the fucking all the heavy hitters asking them to come on there, Yeah, all the greats to to come on and and and and tell my experience of what I saw and I I know they wanted, you know, to get me on there and talk about the democratic cities and all that ship, but nonetheless it was it was so bugged out thing to see because I've never seen that before, I've seen some wild, should have seen violent crimes, but it was just so casual uh that it just was a trip and then like I said, I'd never, you can't predict how the internet is going to respond to things, but that just took off, Can we have a show of applause of people who are not from new york here? Alright, so Camille Camille, you should be clapping, get excited about it. Uh It's kind of difficult, but um you know, people who are your relatives from far away or like, wow, new york is getting a little bit rough, right? Like the Subway has gotten rough, what is what is your impression about what has happened to new york? It's always been rough on the Subway, you know, has always been rough, that, you know, I feel like there's, I don't know, the, the stats, but I mean, the Subway, you know, since I was a kid, you know, I've been on the subway since I was 9, 10 years old, And that was like 19 79, it's always been be careful, watch your head. The 80s were fucked up on the subway, Bernard Goetz and all that ship, the 90s were really wild on the subway. The subway has always been terrible, whether or not, you know, in terms of the violence, you know, but but it's also, you know, it's not like the way it seems, you know, you know, when I wasn't here during the pandemic and I would see videos and hear things, even I would call my friend joe is it is it as bad? You know, it's the Upper West side is bad and and it just, you know, like, it sounds like it's turning into like, you know, um you know, this, this, you know, end of the world situation, it's not, but there's always been, you know, terrible situations, you know, it's like, you know, pushing women on the train and Bernard Goetz and, you know, endless, numerous faceless robberies and people getting slashed and mugged and God knows what else. Um you know, it's just more, everything gets, it's being more, it's being talked about more now, there's obviously there's so much more video, which changes the ball game and also the violence, But also sounds like you maybe have a different sort of baseline because you've been a new yorker for so long. Like I I lived here for almost 10 years And during that 10 years, this is, you know, a land of prosperity like bed stuy is changing and I went and I'm hanging out over at Sarah Gina and that was fine until like some kid gets shot at three o'clock in the afternoon in front of the library. Kid goes to story time. Like there was there was a genuine shift. I can remember the summer of 2020 when I was here doing some like renovation stuff on the house before I sold it. It felt kind of lawless having, having been in the city for and not just bets that I can remember actually, I'm not gonna tell that story because it involves like a motorcycle gang on mini bikes like following me around. It's like, I should be able to take those guys, but I don't know if they're holding, he's just gonna give you a taste of the story. That's not true. Maybe later individually. It's fine. No cat, you know, I go when I go to bed stuy, which I do all the time and I was there today. I always forget that I have the citizen app. Do you know that app that like designed to like make white people terrified and they get these alerts like because when I'm not in the city like the alerts like that. I mean that's that's that's what you said unless those many bags get real close. But no it doesn't go off where I am the other half of the week unless it's like, you know fucking cat in a tree or something. And then the second I parked my car, it's like the shot detector, you know the the shot detector is shot spotter. Yeah but it's like direct, it's like right into the app and it's like right there and then the police converged. It just makes you feel like everything it's because you're getting indications that something a block away you otherwise would not have known unless you went to the bodega to get something you wouldn't have known about it now. I'm like yeah maybe I shouldn't go over there. I I think those things in the video and the apps it I don't know I guess there's pros and cons to it. But I mean shit new york city has been violent. You know in Brooklyn you're talking specifically Brooklyn is its violent. I mean it's been violent. It's better than it is now and whatever. The gentrification dot dot dot dot dot but I mean you name these these these you know my my son you know had apartment in um in um um an apartment. Yeah. Well yeah well here's the school, you know like five roommates um But you know he had an apartment in bed stuy and you know like I went to his apartment and it's it's just totally, it's changed, it's changed and uh you know, you got, you know, white people in in East new york and Brownsville and that was just, it's it's changed so there's good and bad, but it's always been violent, there's always been fucked upshift and incidents and shootings and stabbings and you know, for as long as, you know, hip hop, you know, they talked about and then the message, you know, pushed that girl on the train, you know, it's so our arm back, blah blah blah blah blah. I mean it's just, it's endless. And it's always gonna be that way in new york, there's always gonna be shit, you have to keep going forward. I think I did want to talk a little bit about hip hop because you are kind of renowned hip hop aficionado and I'm sure we all saw like the Super Bowl where you had dre and snoop and Eminem and 50 cent like all performing these songs that they made famous. But I mean I started to uh well actually the other day I was walking through walking through the Target and I saw iced tea on a cheerios box and and as I'm looking at that, I'm thinking about the Super bowl situation. I'm just start to like think about their ages and ice t 60 for dr dre 50 seven JZ 50 to Snoop Dogg 50 Eminem 49 years old now look, I'm I'm I'll be 42 This year. So you know, no shade. It is what it is. I'm aging gracefully. You can't really tell the hair dyes working exceptionally well, but but it is like one of those things where you know, when you're marking time by watching these, these badman, that's smart badman, um, like become older and perhaps a little less terrifying. I don't know, there's something a bit odd about it, but some of them, some of them a little more frightening than others. Iced tea is not frightening. Iced tea is a police officer. I want to ask him for directions. He can walk my wife to the subway. I trust him now. I mean, it's not like I see from the cover of, I mean the last thing I sweat and the man behind cop killer, killer and now he was he was trying to figure out how to kill cops and now pour your heart with coach iced tea. He says where we've ended up as a culture and he appears to be wearing some sort of track suit and has a pendant around his neck, which is a whistle because he's the coach for cheerios Yeah, no, it's exactly where I thought we would end up, also discovered that Sotheby's auctioned off his African medallion that he wore on the cover of the Power album. And if if you know this album, maybe you don't, it's an album where you've got kind of a front and a back. Um and on the front, on the front is like iced tea, his DJ and this woman in a bikini holding a shotgun as a cane, and when it splits around, you can see the back and it's a thong bikini is very sexy. And I just was like the first gangster rap album I ever got my hands on. And you know, some of the, some of the music that these artists have made endures and you can still listen to it. Some of it hasn't aged quite so well. But looking at that just got me to think about like hip hop and how I relate to it now, especially like thinking about new artists and stuff and like, I wonder what you like are listening to now, What you find interesting if you find your tastes have changed. Um you know, as far as hip hop is concerned, you know, like I always go back to to, to, to the golden era. I go back to the, I Always go back to the golden era, 80s, 90s, you know, um that that stuff is like you know, it's like Doo wop. Uh it's it's like Motown, you know, it's it's aged perfectly, it still sounds good, it still sounds honest, The beats are still banging. Um the messages are under dope beats, uh there's party records, there's, there's gangster records, there's you know there's there's there's raunchy shit and and but just the quality of the music is just you know it's it's aged very well for the most part. Um You know, I don't listen to I try I try um you know like the Kendrick Lamar album like last week it came out and everybody uh and I have nothing but respect for him. Why? Why nobody? No because I have nothing but respect for the the message and the poetic um the quality of his music and and just the strong, you know, you could feel how um how much he cares about every word that he's saying, he's very conscious in terms of what he's saying and how he's saying it. But for me like that last record, you can't listen to that record when you're playing ball, you can't listen to that record when you're getting ready to go to a club, you can't listen to that record when you're chilling. Like that's like for like if you're ready to rob a bank, that's not and and and for me it's a demanding album demanding out, it's not, it's very required. But you know like when I messaged, you know and I don't have a problem with messages in hip hop but you know you listen to groups like you know KRS one and even Tupac was heavy messages. Um you know even you know ice cube and a tribe called Quest de La Soul X clan, their messages were under dope beats. So I think that's why, you know, for me, I need like, you could talk about whatever kind of heavy ship you want, but I needed under dope beats. I can't just have you, you know, pouring like it's too much like, you know, poetry shit, but all that being said. Yeah, but, but I have nothing but respect for him and I think it's important. And also I'm 50 two So, but for younger people who are, I think he really balances out uh the scale and hopefully younger people, um, you know, kids are listening to it because there's so much dogshit in hip hop now that I think it's important to have that and hopefully they'll continue to listen to it and walk away with something from, because I walked away from a lot from hip hop when I was a teenager a lot. Um uh I mean some of it, I didn't catch until I was older. Let's bring this to, for those people who don't, aren't very interested in hip hop by the way, Michael did an incredible film on tribe called Quest was called beats, rhymes and life. Great documentary. Love it. My fellow funky diabetic. Uh, you know, Rest in Peace. five. They're interesting thing to me is I first when I ran into uh fab five Freddy at this film premiere and I was like, I'm trying to butt and hold this guy. And so I finally do? And I'm like, look, here's the thing, and I just made the film you were watching because of foreign policy. He still wants to talk about foreign policy. I'm like, no, no, nobody gets hurt. Just like, can we talk about early hip hop? And I said, look, you go back to those records and there are street parties in the Bronx where they're playing Kraftwerk records, literally playing the first side of trans europe express, and then making just trans europe express into like, and you and you have a grandmaster flash, they're like, man, all those european records were hugely influential to us. And then I look at all this kind of conversation about cultural appropriation and there's nothing more perfect that culture is always borrowing from one another than the early days of hip hop, but there's so much electronic music, a lot of it coming out of Germany, and he was like, yeah, no that's stupid. And and then I had the worst interview worse than I've ever done. Um I don't have a lot of really bad ones, but one that was really bad, Which was the two surviving Beastie Boys. Uh My Diamond was great, super nice guy, You can do the math on the other remaining. First of all. I I get it because I hit him in the face with a chopstick by mistake during the interview, had rock. So did you do you take responsibility for them being a shitty interview? No, you don't. Everybody loves AD rock. The king Ed rock, that is his name. He knows the fly spot where he got the champagne. What would you do that? Well, first of all, I was like, look, I don't know who you are, but apparently you're a beastie. I don't know that. You know, he's like notoriously kind of difficult in interviews and I had watched and he was the guy who set up was a friend of his and was like, he told me this the last moment. I'm like walking into the place and it was at the King's theater because they were shooting that thing with spike jones and he said, you know, he's kind of prickly. And um I decided at one point there is footage is not, I'll post it on this sub stack, which means you have to fucking subscribe for this hot footage number one of ad rock getting hit in the face with a chopstick by me. I didn't throw it at him. He was holding up the thing and it just went on his face. Um that's the first thing and the second thing, I was like, you don't really want to be here, do you? And he was like, not really. And I was like, okay, fine, I just want to establish that. And then I was like, I'm gonna fucking suicide mission at this point, nothing's gonna happen. So I was like, let's talk a little bit about that cultural appropriation ship. It was just like literally the faces, all the color flushed out and it was the coldest I've ever been in a room in my life. And they didn't want to answer it because you know, they probably answered it for years though, but they haven't though, you know, because the different ones, like you guys are white rappers etcetera. It was like you and EMC search and these guys aren't as good your white rappers. It wasn't like you are stealing from a culture and you should not be allowed to do that. You shouldn't, I mean the argument is you should not be allowed to perform that music. Who's there, who's making that argument? Everybody who, that has never happened. It's usually the opposite. Perhaps people don't, people don't make that. They don't, they don't make that argument. They're not that strident. But they will say things along the lines of you have to pay respect. And I mean the whole shipment and and they were validated by Run DMC in their prime by L. L Cool J and their prime by Russell Simmons and their prime. So you know, it's like everybody, you know, so it's like, he's probably like why am I gonna answer to this? I was on tour With run DMC in 80 two Before. You knew what the funk was going on. You know, that's probably part of the the, I'm just saying I interviewed them and they were dope with me, all three of you, like you walk in, you're like, oh he was in that woody allen, maybe I walk like this, like it looks like he has rickets. It's not, I'm not bringing people like, oh wow, you know, they could be tough, they can be tough on the interviews. Yeah, it's notorious and it was the ones I watched right before and it was hilarious because this guy had done, it was shot in black and white and like he put a lot of effort in and add rock, just basically said one word answers the whole time. He's like, yep, nope, right? And I'm just like, man, I feel for that guy. Did the Karim answer right? Say like when uh I've been a big fan of the winning time documentary, not documentary, but the docudrama thing, did you enjoy it? I did. Uh I mean it's cracked to me because I'm from southern California, I'm super easy and also they say fun boston a whole lot and which gives me very, very excited, it's me right in the special place. Um but like I Irene, we had Lakers season tickets for that first championship were all the great universities in America aren't in Long Beach so strange. I've been looking dudes, Tark the shark of coach in Long Beach State, man, but no one of the joys of being a Laker fan is watching Kareem Abdul Jabbar, get interviewed at the end of the game and the idiot, you know, keith Erickson or someone would would say like a great shot there at the end, thanks. Like he would answer the question and like sports reporters are not used to formulating actual questions. And the uh the first game that he plays magic johnson where magic famously, you know, Cream makes a game winning shot, uh Magic jumps into his arms and hugs him and he's there's a prickly, prickly, very intellectual Star who's very aloof and suddenly this 19 Year old 20 year old kids jumping on him um and afterwards they interviewed him and he just he said does the thank you. Um and like Deadpan and then says Allah akbar and walks Off and that happened. That's how it is. This is 1979 different. Yeah, you're like, what did he say? It didn't have the 2002 people like what, what did he just say, Some different type of what did you just say? Yeah Carlos Delgado was doing this ship. Uh No, so uh but that kind of the prickly answering of of uh in one word uh answers to things, I I'm kind of a fan of it, I think it's pretty great, so Moynihan, you had a comment, that's what I'm saying. It's not, I think it's immature. It's what it's what Like rock stars do when they're like what Bob Dylan did and like its first like, you know, 10 interviews and then you grow up and stop being a prick. I don't know rappaport hanging out with them all the time and Yes, yes, but you're like, no. Yeah, I know, I know, I know what you I totally know what you mean. You know this is gonna take us, I don't want to go down a path, but I have a I have a list of possible uh NBA players that are undiagnosed autistic. Okay, yep, this is the path that we needed. Huh? I mean, most of the people in this audience are diagnosed right? Mostly. Are you sure you want to do this, Michael? We list towards that. No, but I I put Kareem up there, I also put my Leonard up there. If you look at, if you look at and I'm being no belittle into anything. Um you know, anybody with autism, I have nothing but you know, compassion and understanding for it. But if you look at somebody like Kauai who the way he answers questions is very face value, very face value. Um Kawhi Leonard to me, I I would bet money specifically on Kauai and Kareem that there there's some undiagnosed stuff with that? Maybe it's not autism, but I guarantee you there's undiagnosed stuff with them. I love the fact that creams what in his late 70s now, do you believe that you have diagnosed something that every doctor has missed but Michael, Rapaport, boom in his ship bag of the week. I'm not just dying and I'm not just giving the sick funk of the week. I'm diagnosing. You know, you're a hero. You're an american hero. I'm adjusting this. Like I'm at the U. S. So what are you trying to do this? We're you running out of basketball players to have beefs with? What's the, I mean who me? Yeah, I know I got enough. I got enough. So is there more than we know about? No, no, no. Just just The Durant one of you guys haven't made up yet. That ain't happening. That that's not happening. You still, you still go to nets games? Oh yeah on the on the wood. Right there I go. Early to I'm the first like I was, I was game for the Celtics series. I was The 1st 1 in the fucking arena. So you're actually the problem. You're the reason for the underperformance? 100%. That's amazing. I think the reason why it's called that harassment is definitely, are you, are you optimistic about the nets prospects? Do you think the situation with Ben Simmons will work out? They have so much talent. They're they're they're always lingering with with possibly doing something I want to know, but I'm allowed to, Here's the thing, you're like you're meeting With two guys talking to you, you put up when you put up on the thing, things you might talk about NBA in my office and I was like these motherfucker's, I want to talk about the NBA I wouldn't have to talk about these motherfucker's how was the show? I don't know, there was a guy who said these motherfucker's and I just left, it was and then he started diagnosing. He knows woody allen, I don't know what the problem, what you would allow me to go someplace, this is going somewhere because because Ben Simmons, Ben, you're not paying attention, but Ben Simmons was to get places to take you to take the route that you know, and that's always a long maybe what I was saying was that Ben Simmons is a guy who would not play basketball and for most of the year the conversation was about whether or not Ben Simmons was like suffering from depression or something, psyched out, He said that he also went and had back surgery later, but it reminded me of was it Gabby Douglas, the gymnast who had the twist ease, who said she couldn't put the yips there's a different one. Simone biles simone biles a hero, a hero. So they did an episode on Simone, but when that happened and um we were kind of drunk, that wasn't our most popular episode because in the beginning like we were drunk, we started and I was like she's sucking lying real thing because you know, the problem is not like, I don't know, but it was the response after everyone's like, oh my God, she's so brave. She didn't compete, but we're not brave braves. You can't fucking you have the twist ease and you do it. Well, we recorded it when it happened and then like Camille person is supposed to be apologizing for this. You get backlash for it. I mean get backlash for everything these days. Did anybody in here give them backlash online? I don't know. I'm not backing away from that at all. The guy in the randy weaver to, it's a deep cut. They're not really he's dead. Anyway, what was I saying? There was something great twist. Oh yeah, we got sidetracked by basketball. Simone biles is fine. She's fine. She's fine. She's she's like four ft, just fine. Yeah, I have a picture of my daughter getting a medal from Simone biles and they're the same height. My daughter was eight, I swear to God, literally. And my daughter was like really like what the is going on? She had no idea. And then she said to me the other day, she was like, papa, have you seen her boyfriend? And like, no, it's like he plays in the NFL look at that's an amazing look at that picture. You Heard It here 1st. All right, well we're not really ticking ticking through the other things. Someone asked about the UFO hearings yesterday earlier when we were getting started? The UFO hearings were yesterday asshole. Um So here's the question though, Did anyone actually watch the hearings at all? That's not even that guy. I see that Coleman Hughes waving Coleman Hughes Yes, Coleman watch Coleman Coleman back there. Yes, Coleman you can I can I give a shout to who Coleman's with? I gotta tell you, I got to tell you a little, not an anecdote, anyone know the british author. Douglas Murray. Yeah, well he was in a horrible car crash tonight. No, he's here. Um Douglas, I just saw Douglas in the way and um so don't harass him and I'm amazed by the fact that he is incredibly muscular and I told him that and now I think we're dating, he's looks you go on joe Rogan and he's like fucking huge. So thank you guys for coming and we love you both and he's got a great new book out the war on the west I believe it's called and I just started it uh last night. So uh we'll have you on Doug wright because he lives in new york now I'm looking over here as if you don't know where he's there, he probably left but I was asking about the UFOs and you guys didn't watch the hearing. Why would you watch the hearing when Amber heard was on the fucking Amber, I mean, come on man. Amber heard was on the stand yesterday. Nobody's gonna watch that fucking Ufo hearings? Amber heard is up there just going through it. We're gonna do it like let's do a minor league baseball and then this hearing of the house ways and means to me is like no Amber heard or your muscles okay fine. Amber heard shipping on the bed. That's not that bad. It's hard to watch all of it. That's fair. That's a reasonable response. What what what what what what is it what is this question? Because I was sitting on the bed. Oh I love it. I love it because it makes me get a better sense and have less um you know, self hatred and regret for for my dysfunctional relationships. It's just bonded me and my ex wife actually were like, we were fucked up but you never shot the bed. I don't know if it was her. We don't know. Somebody shot in that bag. But there are things, somebody had a motive, but there wasn't the dog, there are things that we do know that are a little weird. Like she's, she's been like forcefully dishonest in a number of instances has been caught in like actual materialize. She's in trouble. That's that's not good. She's in trouble. No, no, it's not good. It's not good. I mean she, she, I mean are we really having like a serious conversation I ever heard but no. Yes, it's looking like she's gonna, she's gonna lose that case. I think she's gonna lose that defamation case. You can't lose a defamation case in America after like winning it in England. I mean that's gonna be that's difficult today. I think something's gonna happen. I, I can't get over how the kids, the gen z kids, they're all on team depth, Every single one having the Gen Z is here. If you didn't think to bring this back to the culture where we can, I haven't met anyone who's, who's, who's pulling for Amber heard yet? She's not likable. Wow. Okay. Wait, are there are there any any Amber heard supporters and the greatest guy in the world? But apparently not. No, There they are for them all. Yeah, I'm not different but them not everyone except for me. I have to say that that was the answer. That was both pompous and humble. Not me. But I am a huge I say Michael is huge because I, I looked at your imdb man, You started you were a comic when you were a kid comedy. Now when I was 19 I started as a comic. I wanted to be the next Eddie Murphy. But you had, you had that was, that's really what and then he did the tribe called quest Documentary. You see the thing that's happening here. Um, so you started, but you're what stepfather owned a comedy club? No, my my half sisters, my half sisters stepfather. So she's my half, yeah, my and my half sister, he was one of the owners of the improv and and um when I was 13 because my half sister lived in Los Angeles with her mother and her stepfather. I would go, this is a boring story for this event, but I would go to the improv and I would you know watch comics and stuff like that, but at the time I wanted to be in the NBA but it was always sort of around me and then when my hoop dreams turned to nightmares and I was like you know I want to do this, I want to do this because I love you know movies and all that sh it and anyway, yeah, that's how let's talk about the knicks, you talked to Woody Allen at all, You know, I saw Woody Allen on the street uh in the in the fall, I saw I saw Woody Allen in the fall and I said, what's up to him? Yeah, he remembered of course, yeah, yeah. You know, he was totally, totally with it totally with it. But I saw him on the Upper east side and you know I said hello, he was cool. And he actually asked me about the kevin Durant thing, just like camel did and and um and you know it was Durant is very having a problem, right, what happened with why he's yelling on instagram? Yeah, but you don't, you didn't you didn't talk to him about the fact that his life has been ruined in a kind of a delayed way, it was kind of the Bill Cosby thing, the ship had already been out there for years and then there was that moment when we were excavating all the previous cases and then re litigating and destroying people like woody Allen, once, when I, when I ran into him on Madison In like 67, we didn't get into that. Yeah, I mean, I know it's weird. It was an opportunity like you're not gonna see him again. Yeah, you're walking on the street. I'm walking the other way like, so, you know, what did you do it like? Right, right. But, but but you know, but no, so I didn't get into it with, but what, what, what, what you were in was the last time you did one of his or two? I did to three of his. I I I did um I did um um mighty Aphrodite, I did um small time crooks And then I did this Amazon thing with him uh which, which got, I think derailed because of of of all these um you know, things that I didn't talked about on 67%? I mean, mr, last opportunity it's up to you. Do you worry or what, what's your, what's your sense since you get into beefs with grown athletes two or six ft 10? Um and you've also worked in comedy, We're living in a moment where people are punching comedians? So are you worry about that? Do you think that one of these people going to punch you, if you say that? I don't think anybody in here? I mean we're in new york. So I feel very comfortable here. I mean, you know, honestly, you know, when I'm on the road, when, when I'm on the road doing it, I, I, you know, I'm conscious of it, you know, because especially, you know, when, when, when in my act, you know, when I talk about trump and all that ship, um, but I've never had anybody, I've never had any incidents. You know, I'm conscious of it. I'm just conscious of it before the chris rock situation because I know there's crazy people, but fortunately I've never had, I've never had any, have had any incidents or even close instance and I would like to keep it that way. Do you have the impression that, that, that we're losing the ability to take a Joke? 100%. It's, it's, we're losing the ability to take a joke and, and, and even more uh, than any comic will tell you this were, you can make a joke and you sometimes you could say something that's off color or something and you'll see somebody like laugh and then, you know, kind of like pull back their life their laughter because they don't feel like they should be laughing in public, let alone, you know, the comedian or the performer saying something in public and I've seen that and that, that to me is even more bugged out that you're like, you know, pull your life back. It's weird. How do you, how do you gauge the problem? Do you think it is a large percentage of the total kind of culture who are actually concerned about this stuff or is it a small vocal minority? That's kind of freaking everybody out. And to the extent that's true, it does seem to me that things are getting better in some ways. Like, I mean you have netflix who's going through some pretty dramatic financial, such stuff right now, but who issues this statement and sends it around to this stuff? I'm saying if you don't like the content, you're working on now, this was earlier, but if you don't like the content that we're doing good, get the funk out. You know, if it's so bad and so painfully, you know, and the, the twitter people which I know you guys talk about and I feel the same way like, you know Dave chappelle, what is it? Five specials he did on netflix. You were supposed to cancel him at the first one? Why are you still watching that? Like are you a glutton for punishment? Why do you continue? Are you supposed to cancel your subscription four specials ago? So yeah, I mean nobody cancels subscriptions that they don't have or ever moves to Canada when there is to put away, never push comes in and like there's a little like democratic enclave over the border, it just never, it never happens. But you know, the thing with this stuff is, you know, I look back and I tried to figure out um when this stopped and you know, Nick Gillespie and I were talking about and we talked about this in the past. There's a Rickles record called, hey, dummy, great 68 of the sands, fucking amazing. Rickles record is so unbelievably offensive. But with Rickles, you know, so much of it is like incoherent, like, you know, like the jokes that don't even make a ton of sense, but you know that they're bad and the last or second last track, uh Rickles takes the room down and explains the purpose of these jokes on the record. You can cut that from the record and he's like, you know, I'm a jew, you're italian and you're, you're colored and they do it and like, but we're all getting along, these are jokes, people and you know, people are like, yeah, whatever we're here to Rickles thing. And then you see up until joan Rivers, one of the greatest comics of our generation died and did was doing shit. She, they asked her to apologize for a joke that she did on the E fashion police, which incidentally you think like, oh, what a bad way to end your career. It was fucking hilarious. It was like, she's because she's the meanest person alive and there was a, there was a video of Heidi Klum statuesque german model, the plunging dress and everything's kind of falling out of it. And they're asked to comment on it. And um Joan Rivers, whose name is like Heidi Berkowitz or something and she's, her entire family died in the holocaust with a few exceptions and she says, and they, they, they crowded, they leaving, it's fine. Did you put them in a section? Is that over there? That's horribly. And that's not, that's not what happened, but she's here and and she says, oh my God, the last time I saw a german that hot, he was putting my uncle in an oven ship. Great joke. It's a great joke, wow, that's a great joke. That's funny. That's a funny joke. Oh man, I'll tell you this is not, this is I mean, she was the one who also did bits by saying like, what the fund is anne frank, got his attention For, she wrote one book, five books. I mean this is a woman who killed and she the last bit in that documentary, but if you haven't seen it, which is someone screaming at her in Wisconsin, remember this? And somebody says like, I have a daughter who is whatever autism, trying to relate to you guys and she's like, oh fucky you tears her to shreds and explains the reason you're at a comedy show, which you increasingly have to do. Yeah, it's it's it's it's ridiculous. I don't know where it's what the percentage is, how it's gotten to this place. You know, we all, there's something with social media, um, you know, and I think now younger people is that Gen Z like 1918, 17, What are they? Is that gen z, What are these 21, 22 20 three year olds, what are they under millennials? They haven't even got a name yet. You know, these motherfucker's are on some bullshit. You know, they're on some bullsh it and, and uh, you know, and, and, but you know, as far as the comedy show, I mean these walls, these walls that were in here, I mean it's a comedy show and, and you know, you gotta, it's a comedy show, if you go to a comedy show to be offended, you shouldn't be there. And also there's so much like, you know, the joan rivers thing and culture, like if you go to an all black comedy show, they're gonna say ship that if you literally said in, in, in this form, you'd be fucking crucified. Like, you know, if you go to like, you know a latino, like a, like a George Lopez show, like in the hood, it's gonna be so it's just a bunch of bullsh it to me and it's a bunch of double standards and hypocritical hypocritical shit. You just as far as being a comic. I think you just have to lean into your ship, do the best you can and let the let the chips fall where they may. I think people in general know the difference between being mean spirited over the top gratuitous and a joke. I think that uh people don't know the difference between that I talked about on the is it on the regular one? I mentioned something tonight. The Shane gillis. I did a podcast with Louis C. K. And Shane gillis is the one who was hired by SNL and then unceremoniously fired within a matter of two days because people do that offense archaeology and find jokes and it was a joke that people didn't understand either. I mean Camille you remember the time you're like that's not a joke. It's not a racist joke. It's a joke about racism towards asian people. So he gets fired. What you're telling me that Camille didn't detect racism and something that people thought was racist. Yes. Just trying to I mean it was yeah I mean he was I think you're at the George Wallace Institute at the time for comedies for comedy stylings. Yeah I mean let's just set aside the fact that I'm right. There is actually very funny comic named George Wallace who is black so who's great. It's hilarious But uh yeah no that thing and he did a podcast with louis C. K. That is amazing if you listen to it. It's it's I think three episodes maybe 44 episodes where they talk about with varying degrees of accuracy every President of the United States. It's just louis and they're just they're sitting there talking about some of its great and something, but it's always funny and these are two guys that were effectively canceled, quote unquote. But of course people say that doesn't exist because they've managed to come back. They don't have a corporate backer behind them. Louis does a show over here at the Madison Square Garden and he fucking rents at people, he does it on his own and he shows that he releases his specials on his own. And if you go to the HBO app company that I I couldn't talk about at the time because I was working for them. They did the stalinist thing vanishing at all. Not even see it. The show. The louis the louis show is gone. You can't see it sh it's funked up. Youtube has elements of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah exactly. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that. On the Louie show. Well yeah. One episode, what did you play? It was a really good episode. I played an old friend is angry new yorker. No, no, no no I'm not angry but like a cop. If the story is like I play a cop who loses his gun during the episode. It's yeah it's it was a great, great episode but it's disappeared so you can't get can't get it, it's like it's like being a soviet union getting bootleg like people's records or something, but I can't I can't tell if I Can't see back there, so I don't know if our guy has come in at all, but 8.15. Okay, well here's the thing. I want to get some of you all give you an opportunity to ask questions to jump in if you have interesting questions and by the way, here's a warning. If you don't, you'll be brutalized. It is I'm no Jeff ross. I'm gonna try. There would be no refunds. You have to pick double. And also just from our Miami experience, how many people are in Miami here. That's right. Damn straight. Damn skippy. Including Nicole sp. Um So there's one rule that we didn't know that we didn't know that we needed to have last time. You don't take off your sweaty shirt and put it on Camille, you can put it on me, I'm kind of a schlub here, but but not, I don't get it too close to Camille. You do realize the conversations after these things right when you're wearing a cab home. Imagine what those are like, it's like they're mentally ill. I don't it's a collective mental illness that's going on there and it's terrifying. So there's no mike running around the room, but apparently the room has been told, so we'll hear you, so there won't be hand raising, I can't recognize you because I can't see I can see I can raise a hand someone, I can sort of see or not. And you you would normal No political speech four million of my question. Yeah. San Francisco Yeah, it was idea Oh was moving to san Francisco a good idea. Well, here's here's the here's the truth. I didn't move to san Francisco proper. I moved to marin County and Oh with the christmas tree. Yeah. Yes. And it was kind enough to invite me to dinner. I don't remember what was going on, but I couldn't. Were you wearing your black lives matter shirt? But yeah, look it was I was only there for about a year and a month. Um marin County is beautiful. It's among the most beautiful places on earth living in Tiburon. It was wonderful because the dystopian horror wasteland of san Francisco is across the water. And most of the time it's it's shrouded in fog. So you can't fucking see it. It's unbelievable. But I will say this and I mean talking about like cities and decline and stuff like like one the burglary ship. I witnessed that firsthand, I saw it regularly and it was super fucked up. Um The second thing is the weirdest thing about san Francisco is the driving through san Francisco and seeing all these cars that either have a sign in the window that says no valuables inside or look at this like feeding for a drink just for two for two for Welsh um or they have plexiglass that they've used to replace an actual window, which in my mind I just imagined, oh, this is because it's happened so frequently that you just put this in, which I mean that's super fucked up. So it was, it was a wonderful adventure and that I I got to go live someplace beautiful for a year when I did not know when the pandemic would abate and what life would be like afterwards. Um And being back on the east coast now, it is nice because I'm closer to these assholes, but I miss I miss Tiburon all the time. Yeah, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes. Does he have a chance to win? I think, I think, I think Mike one, Michael will definitely be on the podcast soon. Um to I think Michael, Michael will maybe Michael would acknowledge that he's a he's a long shot candidate. But san Francisco is a sufficiently interesting place and the politics there have been like kind of scrambled in like really interesting ways and the fact that you have all of these disaffected democrats that have gotten together and managed to dislodge the school board, gone after the district attorney. They're they're a legitimate power center. Um in the Bay Area. Um And there's very serious money involved in those efforts as well. So, Michaels, Michaels campaign, it may be a little bit of tilting windmills, windmills perhaps. Um but I don't think it is inconsequential and I think it is definitely a barometer for where san Francisco's politics are headed. So I think Gavin Newsom is especially now that Bill de Blasio is safely retired. Gavin Newsom is is he's trying to come back today like he's he's running for what happened today. He decided that he said he's gonna as an exploratory committee to run for the new Jerrold Nadler cedar like new york 10. How many things? It's like, you know, I'm going to help us heal or something. But since he's gone, Gavin Newsom is the single most los um like you see him half a 2nd and he's dressed like this and he's got that look and you want to reach through whatever you have and just put your thumbs on his adam's apple and then listen to it. Um Sorry, was that a little bit. Um but anyways uh so I come with a lot of hatred for Gavin Newsom. The guy won the recall election. That was about his poor performance during Covid he wanted by running against donald trump who wasn't even the president and He got the exact same count that he did, winning reelection was like 61%. So if he can do that, what do you think he can do to a guy who's interesting but kind of a Rando but wrote a book called san Francisco, that's kind of a hard sell for people who like I don't know that sounds a little harsh, so I I would love for him to do better. I don't I don't think that he's perfect and we'll get into it when we have him on the on the program. But my God, is he better than avenues back there? Yes. Please parents Colombia. Who comments true for my ex my co workers. My question to each of you, how far is the campus police station? Just like a rough estimate maybe that you know you're you're dealing with people by the way, who are very very skilled at taking offense but they have no conception of what a joke is. That's the problem. It's not as they do. Yes, they do. Yeah, they do. They do they choose to do this bullshit. So they they do we're we're giving them to everybody knows the difference between a joke. They choose to do this bullshit. They choose to be offended. Of course. Yeah. I just think that also if you told a joke that that was great, these are the people who wouldn't be laughing even if it wasn't offensive. I did a story for the HBO show, the nightly show in which I interviewed if anyone saw this, I interviewed the college um they were doing their coordinators for like getting humor and it was college campuses. It was hilarious. It was so fun, crazy and it was like the Camaro rouge academy Cambridge mass. And I went in and I'm like you know how you can tell like you walk in and you're like that motherfucker's not funny, it's just like dour in like tattoos that are telling me things like they're actually explaining things to me, it's like no, I just have like a moon and a working dog or something, But it's just like you know what happened in Chile in 1973, I'm like, I don't know, but I think your arm is going to tell me this is gonna be great. So I sat down with these people and there's some of it in the piece, it's on, it's on, it's on Youtube and it was literally the most bananas interaction I've ever had and it just, it was one of those things where my jaw was open and the poor editor was like I'm trying to find a cutaway where you're you have your mouth closed literally like your mouth closed because you're like, I don't realize I'm doing it, I'm just like, oh my God and the the best thing about this and you appreciate it as a comic, they found her, they can't find anyone right because they have to have somebody who's never done anything bad, right? I was like, you know Gallagher and then I found he supported the Tea party. True. Actually Gallagher is a big tea party supporter, I don't know how I found this, but I get bored and I'm on the Internet, I don't work really, but this um they were like looking and looking and looking and I couldn't find it. They found this one person in the day, we were there, someone came, you know, like, I'm picturing like old saloon doors that they just like run through and they're like, we got this print out and it was, they found A jokes, true story and we filmed this too. They found a joke that the person had done about 10 years ago, that might have been a little off and it, it played with gay stereotypes I think was the, what they said and uh, the person was canned, you know, there's a reason that Seinfeld says, I don't play colleges, chris Rock says, I don't play colleges. There's no point why bother. That's crazy. That's crazy. I don't understand it. I don't know. But I would love to come talk to those little motherfucker's that actually seems like precisely the right impulse to me. Like, just what, what would I say to them? That's stupid or make a better argument, did you just call bullshit consistently in all contexts, which I'm gonna kind of set that up because, you know, when people are afraid of spiders and they just like, put them on their head because they like confronted. Yeah. You're the confrontation with. Yeah, sure, graduated or removed removed alright, because I get removed from campuses. Michael. Rapaport statement is, in my experience. Oh, for sure. Yeah, no, they're like, truffle pigs for offense and I know they're sniffing it out, but my, my point is, I think, I think Michael's I think Michael's right. But my point is they're also not funny. And I think Um I heard Colin Quinn say this one time that um the people isn't something that he did and it was like something in the Huffington post. It was like that, you know, you look at the author photo and that is the person who's adjudicating. Like what is funny? And it's like some fucking lump who lives in like, like in Bushwick with their like, eight roommates are all in bands and like, it's just not funny. Like, you're not the person who should be saying this, you know, was that a question or, you know? Yeah. Yeah, speed up. Have we? I mean, I certainly have not so much. You carrying the whole thing on my shoulders. How's it been? You know, it's light work. Yeah, matt's ringo. They feel bad for him. He's cute. Well, thank God, we moved the substack. So Camille actually goes to the subscriber podcast, so that's exciting for us to sign a contract for that. Yes, sir. All right, Big Mets fan, love kevin Durant. Let's squat right now or around Greatest players. Oh, no doubt, no doubt. No doubt. Absolutely. It wasn't about it. Wasn't there 100 percent Yeah, I didn't like tom brady for a long time. But you know, I could appreciate how good he is. Yeah, but he's still dope. You know, this is a fan. Yes. hold on, you're getting restless just okay, whatever back over there. Not jesus christ, You interrupted this motherfucker for an angels question. What is your question sir? Come on, You guys can answer this but for 2024 who would you guys like to see the democrats parliament? What do you do Camille foster, Camille foster, I don't care. So let me, let me ask you, let me ask you guys a question. Just real real quick down the Line. Do you do? Who do you think is gonna win presidency in 2020 for just give me a name. Whoever the Democrats run. I'm sorry. I will I predict whoever the democrats run, whoever it is will win. Huh? Okay because I think trump will win the republican nomination and he won't win the presidency. You still think so? I think I'll bet I'll bet You at least $50. 1 100% on that to you. You wouldn't happen when congress flips and you have two years. What happens when you ask a politics questions? But but but do you guys give me the answer like I want to know who you think who I think is going to win, who's Going to be president in 2020 four? I mean there's an expectation that joe biden lives that long now less and less likely that it was like totally weekend at Bernie's at that point like completely no, I saw the speech that he made the other day, It was like, it was really bad. So then Kamala Harris, like, it was a bad speech whoever wrote it, it was very poorly delivered. Yeah, I tried to be generous to our elders. Yeah, I have no idea. I don't know. I don't know how to handicap it. I mean, we're watching we're watching these elections play out right now, and I don't know when I want to be started tonight, I guess Dr Oz was slightly ahead of the pack. They're crazy. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. We'll have to we'll have to see what happens a lot as as we all know at this stage, A lot can happen in two years. Um and on the doctor on this thing, and I think it was on NPR for some reason, I hate myself. And I just keep listening to it. I'm like, you know, like, when you like a hot chip and you're like, oh, it's too hot and you just keep going, that's NPR for me, like, I don't know why I'm doing this. So, I was listening to it and they're talking about that endorsement endorsement and there's a far more Maga candidate who might have some mental health issues herself did not come out on top, but did get 24, Um and they were trying to do the Kremlinology and t reed leaf reading about why he would support dr ross and God these people expended Fucking five minutes on this back and forth and I'm just like can can someone in the back raise their hand and say he was on tv. That's exactly right. It's really that's it. Donald trump has a foreign policy, doesn't who's he going to hire john bolton? The most neo con neo con person ever? Like norman Podhoretz was like dude fucking chill and like they hired him and trump's like what the fund is he doing? And I was like oh you just saw him on fox and he was always on Fox, they hired him, it's like this stuff occam's razor always works here, it's always the dumb silly thing that explains it is not some Sort of four d. 5 d. Chess, it's getting less so I think trump's gonna win. You think so? I'm just telling you that I as of today I feel like he's gonna win. I mean we we talked a lot about like his his cultural and political influence but Madison cawthorn didn't win, Madison cawthorn got the trump endorsement late, he had a video of him fucking his cousin's head, what would you say that? Like it's a bad thing, I don't understand. Yeah I mean he fucked himself up. That dude, his cousin is who he was actually having that context but I mean look first question but it was like that. I mean these are, this is we're talking we're talking about donald trump and we're talking about a donald trump endorsed candidate, donald trump is I mean, do you remember what it was like when he was running for office? The number of scandals he was embroiled in trump saying in different content that the Madison dude, well I'm saying donald trump had all of the bad things happened, still managed to win. He's not, he's not Madison trump is a different, different things. The motherfucker's don't give a funk. I think he's gonna win the motherfucker's don't Give a funk. However, um, he can't win without independence and independence peaked on him in November of 2016 and they've been underwater with him ever since there underwater. Like crazy with Joe Biden right now too. Which is, which would be an interesting fact if it was just those two guys kind of question that biden, that America can live that long, let alone those two motherfucker's. I think we had a question from someone who appears to be underage. I would say the rest of that cause the rest of the cawthorn story though, is that republicans are also working against donald trump in greater numbers. I don't, I don't see it. I'm 27 Okay, sure, yeah. What's up baby louder, louder, louder, Take it off ST if anyone else in the audience is wearing their Moynahan, Oh, can I ask you a question, which I will then convey to my lawyer, where do you get this right? We're going to court by the way. So we got it. We got one over we got one over here. I can't see you but talk. Okay. Who's in the rocket john holden yourself Mr moore. Who is your best impersonation? Rappaport? I can't do I can't you're not allowed to do that anymore. But I do. Who's that for takers and Kamala Harris? What's the difference between Kamala Harris and Ted Cruz. Is that a punchline? Sure. Minutes of each to my entire classes. Week marriage. I'm supposed to keep Britain called bullshit. What's the topic? Okay. Yeah. You're on your own buddy. Sorry about why your category is illegitimate, rita cut and paste a lot of Jacobs. What a dumb fucking jobs should be the name of the thing and just see how people react to it. But that actually I actually like that a lot. That's a great suggestion. Yeah. All the ship that we got wrong. All the stuff that we got wrong is good. There's I mean because you see now we have enough space between you know early madness pandemic days and where we are now to do some form of reasonably accurate accounting and there's not a lot of it going on and there might be a reason why because look I've never on the podcast we've never criticized and in fact I've been very careful not to that, we didn't know what was happening. No one knew what was happening. So when I would go to the store and somebody looked like fucking john wayne gacy with the gloves and did you have that? Oh yeah, I had it all. And uh and uh like yeah, I get it. I get that. I mean, I went on a shoot um which kind of ties back to new york at the beginning of the pandemic, when No one else would go shoot, it's like, I have literally the sacrificial lamb at this point. They're like, we don't like him. So uh I went out, we were in the, in the middle of Manhattan was nobody like Morning Times Square, like nine 30. And we were shooting there. And the one point actually about New York was all these people talking about the homeless back on the subway homelessness. It's kind of like the camouflage was gone because we didn't notice them before. Now there was denuded of people and they were lurching out like the fucking thriller video coming at you and it was like, and there is, I swear on my life, please remind me I will post this. I'm doing a stand up dude, You walk and talk to camera and this guy doesn't remember that. It's me every time I suck it up and go back. And so he keeps asking me for money and I'm like, I'm the guy you saw five seconds ago and it's like, Covid like fucking gloves on, like a psycho and I stopped and I'm just like, shut fucking stop bothering me. So that I'll post that on the sub stack if you, if you wanna do you want me to get sued, Michael, There was a question for you at the top of that. I don't know. Queen Latifah's in the, in the rock and jock qualified. So, so in the nineties before the official and I'm gonna make this quick celebrity all star game MTV would have their rock n jock basketball game where it would be actors and celebrities and playing in this sort of over exaggerated basketball court and for me loving basketball, you know, that was like a fun thing to do. So you know who's, who's incredibly good at this and which is a shocker but he used to play in the celebrity of Justin Bieber. Justin Bieber can ball that he could bowl for Justin Bieber he's short but he's fast and quick. Yes, definitely. He's a Canadian youtube and he always will be. Yes ma'am guys. Yes, I'm your, I'm old enough you could have come out of my birth canal. I just almost said the most disgusting. Go on please. Uh I appreciate that. It's a lot of fun. Is this on Michael's, it's not Michael's podcast No one Wendy Williams, Wendy Williams. Yeah, Okay. Which is live tv, which I'm always like, I can't believe they let a fucking lunatic like myself and you're not swear. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you can swear. No, you can't switch live TV. It's 10 in the morning. That's like, it's almost like getting somebody on who doesn't speak the language. How are you going to get through that? You know what for me? The not cursing obviously, you know, I'm a trained professional and I've, I've done it, but it makes me sharper. It makes me think a little bit sharper because a lot of times, you know, you lean on the funk, this funk that, but because I know it's not even that you can't, the cursing is the easier part. It's the saying something that's cancel herbal, that's more in the back of my head is easy and how to suppress suppress the look on your face when you know the joke you need to tell me because you know, we're just here by ourselves. What would have been a cancer herbal thing that you're like, I gotta think will fall for this by the way. So so like, so so when, when you're dangerous, dangerous territory. If like we were doing something about the met gala and I can't remember who it was and she looked ridiculous. Now if Wendy Williams, a woman, a black woman is insulting a woman's look or she looks fucking stupid and she looks like she stuffed herself into that dress. It's okay. But if a guy goes on morning television and goes, she looks not that this is the laziest version. She looks like a fat pig. That's it. I mean it can happen. That's it. That's by by louis ck island one way ticket. Well, you know like, you know what the variable is here, right? Because the joan rivers show I talked about, they had men doing that, but they were gay men doing it the second they're like, you want to have sex with them. It's that's the cancer thing. I don't know why, But isn't it the opposite. You don't actually want to have sex with that one? No, that you, I'm sorry. Time out. Time out. I'm drinking now. So please time out. Um, you should want to have sex with the idea is it's ecumenical and she's got a good personality. What's the word? Ecumenical? What is that? That's a good fucking word, man. What is it called? Ecumenical. Yeah. Like it's going to be coming up next week, like the ecumenical fucking cunt of the week. Thank you. All right. He's rethinking this. Okay, I need hands in the back. Who's got a hand on the back? Anyone back there? Yes. Longhand in the back. Make it loud. What were you thinking? Oh no. Here we go. He's right next to it, please. Thanks. Why aren't you this? How is how is it not a franchise human. Like we had like in me like in a fast food. Like we have other people doing other States chick fil a license holder like that. Let's work because we were just talking about joe biden's racist comments like What 6, 7 years ago, Was that what I was with Nick um about the Dunkin donuts and he's like all my indians, indians and that doesn't haunt him at all. So maybe we can. I think what you're trying to say is that jesse and Katie should be paying us royalties and I think that's I think, I think we're fine with that. Hey man, I never said cover bands weren't fucking fun to watch. I go to see that Beatles cover band. Thank you. Thank you. Except for None of us are dead back there insistent wavy hand forget the subway violence because american I've had difference in experience. No, I want to know just like the new york culture that there violence towards minorities morning or is it wow, depressed. What happened? What happened to you? Yeah, I get comments about kung flu dispersion. Yes. Wait, so explain that people actually come up to you like approach you on the subway in which you are doing nothing but listening to the fifth column and says to you kung flu out of no with no context. And are they all wearing maga hats or from like your few tourists, european tourists. Which country? Mhm. But like party? Huh? Well, I wish our friend was here who looks like he's not gonna make it because we've done it fine. Yeah. Yeah. We have four minutes Left, We were leaving some people. Yeah. Yeah, Colin Quinn who was gonna come by. I know, I know, I don't, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have told you that. And, and, and you know what he was, he was with Dave chappelle, but like Colin Quinn is his new york story. He's on the way. Okay. I know that you have a tough hard out three minutes. I mean he's kind of lumbering slowly over. That's right. But I want Colin to answer this because his, his special new york story is one of the best fucking things on netflix. It is absolutely brilliant. And his one man show that he used to do here at the Cherry Lane theater, he's now doing another one he can talk about. But um, it's the idea of the show is about race relations. It's not about the history of new york because the history of new york is about race relations. Is it about communities living, cheek to jowl and figuring out how to do that. And often that's very ugly. So that the, to the point of what Michael was saying that there is a long history, but it might take a different kind of form now and people might be there usually other passengers to be like Zoinks, I'm filming this and all those feel like it's all over the place to. Is that, is that calling that conch? When I, ladies and gentlemen, how's it going? The man behind. What I was just talking about you when you thank God because I don't want to be the guy that does the fun party and his energy. He just ruins everything I heard I was killing over here. I was like, oh great, how many come in and people going? It got weird about it. I was talking about new york story, the best thing on netflix. Um and we're talking about new york and uh someone just asked a question back there about the violence and the stuff that he's experienced on the subway and the continuity of that between now and the past. Is it worse now, is it? You know, we just don't notice it, film it, it's not Even 1\/10 because and now it's like one homeless guy in those days you get on this train and it was like the crazy homicides, like 80 kids, The savage skulls like 40 P. You know what I mean? And you could probably fight and probably beat a homeless guy when all these gangs I'm saying I'm from The 70s, I'm older than you, I'm old. Um but I'm just saying, yeah, it was in those days, it was like on there was groups, you know, it was a lot bigger than one homeless maniac. You know the best I can't give away because I hope people watch the special, but the thing that people don't remember is mugger money. Hell yeah, that was a thing in new york city. Does anyone remember mugger money? Look at All you old Motherfucker's yeah, explain mother mugger money. Well, they would say you better bring $20 because you don't have anything. That money is gonna stab. Oh, thank you. I'm not a diva. I'm just, you know, but thank you. Amber um took us 75 minutes to go on. I'm like new york is real street. Anyway, thank you so much. When you're from new york, what does it mean? The authenticity? Um Yeah, yeah. You'd have to have money. You have to bring extra money because my mother would take offense. You know, if you had nothing on you, he would, they would try to kill you. Did you spend covid in new york the whole time? How was it for? It was I don't know, it was fine. I mean, mm hmm. It's like anywhere else at a certain point. That's the problem in new york. I'm sure you guys have been discussing that how It's almost like, you know what I mean? It feels like anywhere like if you want to hear a new york accent. Yeah, you have to either move to florida or watch Michael Rapaport podcast. Otherwise we got two 3rd of the New York accent on stage. You know what Colin you should speak because you you don't remember this conversation. But I remember this conversation. How do you know? I don't well, I mean it was just it was in passing, but I remember whatever the year was, the movie State of Grace. Yes. Came out and I saw that I was very excited about acting and you know, actors and I saw it and I think you had seen State of Grace and we had a conversation. I was only 20. I think that Movie came out in 19 99. But it was in L. A. And you were because I know you're from that neighborhood Hell's Kitchen and you grew up and you were talking just the difference between Hell's Kitchen in Times Square now to what you grew up with has got to be a man, specifically Hell's Kitchen because that was a tough fucking neighbor. Yeah, but I'm not from Hell's Kitchen, bigger bigger changes than Hell's kitchen. Some of the people I know a lot of people And uh yeah and I lived in I lived there in the 80s. Yeah, I'm not from there. Yeah. Oh they get mad you keeping your house kitchen. People, everyone claims hell's Kitchen now they don't like that, you know what I mean? All the kids are from there. But um Yeah, well, Times Square, like I said in the show, the pimps were lined up like citi bikes there were pimps all over the whole, you know it was there was there were porn theaters all over the place and who knows who was going in there. I don't you know, but they were point they can imagine every corner, come on, you know. Um Yeah it was psychotic and the hell's kitchen kids were right on the border of everything. They grew up broadway show and hell and pimps and all that stuff. So they really, they were like, when they were like 11 years old, they were like 20 5, 30 years old and they were tough for sure. But but they were also just wise beyond their years, you know? Yeah, there's a great documentary called Doing Time in Hell's Kitchen. You've seen That. It's literally a guy in 80 4, 85 who gets one of the original was like shoulder mounted VHS came and he just pointed out the window the entire year. And like everything is just fist fights and gunshots and it gives you a great little glimpse at what that corner was like, well, if you want to bring on, I have a couple of seconds, I have a couple of friends that uh from the house gets you to give an idea of what the neighbor was. Like, one of those telling me a story once about him and his cousin and his brother ended up in a fight with Andre the giant at some bar in hell's kitchen. And so so I go to, so I go to him, I go, uh I go there must have been buying you guys drinks for weeks after that. He he goes at that time, that wasn't even a big story compared to about every would happen every night. He said it was like not even a big deal, he was years later, people were like, oh yeah, he was at the time, it was so wild and that was just another possibility of getting into a bar fight with andre Yeah, Oh my God, fine, because in the, in the comedians and cars to do with jerry Seinfeld and thankfully also with Mario Joyner, who unfortunately needs more attention and incredibly funny about getting beaten up on a bus or a great story, one of the best stories that has no point, it goes nowhere, but it's hilarious, it's so funny. And but when you were driving out from Tribeca, this is the first bit of this, of this, you know, 20 minute thing and you guys end up talking about what new york's become in hipsters, the whole thing at the hipster is that they all kinda look the same at this point. So when those people say new york has been destroyed, it's been gentrified, Brooklyn is not what it was. I mean, you grew up in park slope, what do you make of that argument? Do you think it's just kind of sour grapes or stupid nostalgia for stuff when it was worse? Um Well sour grapes and stupid nostalgia is my show. Yeah, yeah, you should go see it, it's great. I mean, you know, what do you mean? Who says the hipsters don't say that, no, I mean, there's a now, hipsters do say they're actually now to gentrify. Always complaining that I know of course that's always the way it is. But yeah, I mean but new york has changed. I mean obviously it's changed but I mean, you know everything's you know gets eventually it gets to the point where it's just you know, I mean I told you I was going to ruin the energy I called it and I didn't like there's a stand up coming. He just can't guys. Exactly. I'm like all right. It was like um you're that tough crowd. I'm blaming the question. I'm blaming the question. Uh Yeah, I mean but I don't think people don't even say that anymore. I don't know what goes on. I don't even know what new york is anymore. I can't even identify it. What does it even mean? I don't know. It's like two blocks or it's like you know, it's an idea man. I like like the seven train because It goes through like 55 different countries on its trip. You know what I mean? It starts Long island city, black american then Lowry Street, a little bit of irish still left then it's a well wait before flushing but you gotta go filipino Colombian ecuadorian uh you know korean East Elmhurst and you got indian and you got Arabic well Arabic on the other and then Yeah, but it goes through like 50 countries. Yeah that's the wildest ship in new york? I don't know. I don't think you're allowed to delineate things by ethnicities anymore. But you get mad. Get mad. No, but I'm doing it by train stop. It's different. Mm hmm. Mhm. I don't think that's fair. Yeah, that's in the show you should watch. Yeah, I think I do something about it. There's something about that. But it is amazing. You know what I mean? Yeah. There's things in that show that can resonate with new Yorkers have just moments just like scented like phrases of the old korean man Shucking Peas at 3:00 AM. The bodega shift is such an important thing. It's like, you know, going and I'm like, I literally say, my daughter knows this phrase. I'm like, I don't know, it's a korean bodega. They're not gonna have what you want, She wants like starburst and you know, skittles and it's like korean bodega is not going to have that beyond the bok Choy. It's like, you know candies from Luxembourg. No one, it's not like a thing, you know? But your exchange. But is it just the same? You don't, you don't hate new york. Um Yeah, I mean it's definitely changed. Like in the old days, it was more like what I do hate is like they used to be more interaction, but you can still get them going. Like the guy behind the counter. They want a small talk. So that was really the big thing. You know, people have changed. But it's still there's still like I said that's the thing about queens, all these people in other countries, but they still have that neighborhood attitude. If you engage people you can still find it, but it's not yeah, in the old days it was more common. But yeah, it's still gotta agree with that. Yeah, I agree with what he's saying with that, I think, you know, new york is it's changed as good, there's bad, you know, you could say, you know, old Times Square was this, it's not like you know, Times Square was a fucking schiphol, it was, you know, it wasn't like it was dope place to hang out, like you'd go down there as a teenager was like going to like, you know, like a, like a war torn country, but I mean this part of Manhattan, you know, this is new york, you walk out of here, the energy that people thrive. The energy that people come from all over the world, you know, is is it's still here, still here changes. It's not as much I don't think, but I think and New Yorkers and the magic of New Yorkers and bumping into somebody and like, Oh where are you going? I'm walking uptown, I'll walk with you the 18th street that's new york, you know, and and and and you know the smells and the good, the bad, you know the muggings, all that sh it's it's all part of new york Yeah and if you put out like, if you decide to shut down, which I understand why people would want to, but if you decide to be like unfriendly, if you're unfriendly in a store, then you're not going to experience new york as Much. You have to be loud and you have to be like, hey, you got 100 percent, 100%. I mean, you know, you could say there was things that were better, there were better Delhi's write more, you know, you could get more Germans than you could get more, you know, sandwiches. There's but they still exist. You know, it's just, it's different. You know, I mean that if you know, new york is still the best, it's still the best city. It is. Yeah. Aoc talking about the chopped cheese. I don't buy that. I think, I think we're getting close to time here. But I would say the one thing that political change is kind of weird right In in the sense that I remember and it started a long time ago. I remember the day after nine 11, I was in East Williamsburg, went into a bar and you know, watching Towers Fall in the aftermath and so on nine 11, this is the mother of all french goodbyes. It's the best, the best, you know, I'm gonna get to the desert when they catch the guy. It's a long story. Um but there's this woman who's just like some fucking dang bad. I can't say a player somebody they get mad from like Nebraska and she's like, we went over to the bodega and said we are on your side and we're sorry and I knew these guys, they're funny guys. And I went over the next day and I was like, those girls come over and say sorry. I was like, yes man. I don't I can't explain coptic christian uh huh. Egyptian cops, cops followed by the most islamophobic tire tribe I've heard in a public place. The fucking guys, they're scumbags and like, like take my beads sweating lodge or something. Right, Right, so that changed new york a little bit annoying. Yeah, there's definitely more touching this of course the whole world. But I mean yeah, that's definitely could you make tough crowd today? We couldn't make it then they get rid of it. Tough crowd if you don't know is one of the greatest shows in the history of television, fucking amazing. Go back and watch it. It's so good. But Patricia. Yeah, even back to Patricia and Greg, Giraldo couldn't rest in peace so that everybody's dead on that show. But it's it's a place to go back and watch them. Yeah, I mean Denis leary getting Greg. Yeah. Yeah, but it's a great show. But do you think with that content you can actually do that today. Picture to. How would you even ask me? Of course not. I don't even know. I just I don't, I don't, definitely not. But you know, tv, you know what's going on? I do kind of, I mean, I work in Tv and they don't hire me anymore. They pay me, but they're like, how about you? Go to do the Yeah, but like go to the, to the school board meeting. We're way over confident that we need to vacate vacate this particular building. We are. I do want to say yes, we're having drinks next door. What's the name of the place? three sheets or something? I don't know if you can't miss it. I want to say thank you to all of you and thank you to our remarkable guests. Thank you sir, Michael Rapaport from the legendary Colin Quinn. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you know of new methods of attack. The 5th Column Column. The fifth column, mm hmm.
